Hello all,
A little bit about myself, I joined the military right out of high school, though I did not get a job in IT or cyber as I wish I had. When I got out, I immediately started school and was planning on going for a business degree, but a pamphlet about cybersecurity caught my interest. I was always interest in tech and learning how to mess with it so I took a chance and enrolled in an intro to cybersecurity course. Turns out that I love it and have been trying to learn more every day. I currently hold multiple certifications, including CISM, SecurityX (formerly CASP+) and just earned the GCIH certification. I know this career path changes all the time, so I try to consistently learn as I go.
This was not only my first CTF event with NCL, but my first CTF event overall. I had a very different idea of what it was going to be like and I was pleasantly surprised at how it actually was. For some reason, I thought it would be a bunch of people trying to find a specific file on a computer and you had to use your skills to figure out how to get to it. That's only partly true. The whole event being split into different modules so you work on different challenges such as forensics or cryptography helped a lot. I also liked that it had a skill tracker so you can quickly identify what your strong and weak points are and try to work on them and hone your skills.
NCL's CTF event was overall challenging and fun despite my hesitance and never doing one before. Plus, it has piqued my interest in the different types of cybersecurity as I have mainly have experience in just vulnerability management. The different questions that require a variety of skills and tools to answer was fun and exciting and was far more effective at teaching me how to use said tools rather than a standard multiple choice or fill in the blank questions.


